Team number: 011 - 7

Team name: Jackson 5

Team members:
Caiden Gilbert
Davion Miller
Conrad Sadler
John Tran
Jingda Yu
Application name: pixels

Application Description:

  A pixel art software where you can create a plain canvas that is automatically uploaded to the database and will track changes. Fundamentally, we want to have a real-time shared canvas, private gallery, public gallery, and a blank canvas that all allows users to click on pixels which will change the pixel color to the user's desired color. These functionalities will allow users to collaboratively color together and create pixel artwork that can be displayed to the public.
  In order to provide this value, we will have to create exclusive canvases that allow users to join a shared canvas by entering a code that redirects users to the shared canvas. The home page will contain a navbar that will have home, gallery, login and an area to enter a code to join an exclusive canvas. When users are finished with their pixel art, they can hit submit and upload the artwork to the global gallery. This gallery will be available to all users even if they are not logged in.
  In order to ensure that multiple users can work in a synchronous manner, the website will have to poll from the database every second. This will be a large bottleneck in the user experience. If possible we would like to migrate to using web sockets. This migration would help to improve the user experience. Lastly, in order to let users color pixels, we must build a way for the user to select a color. In order to solve this problem, we will have to have a color picker that allows the user to select a variety of colors.

Audience:

People who want to collaboratively color images through pixels online.

Vision Statement: 

To create a fun, collaborative workspace for artists all across the globe.

Development Methodology: 

We will use the Agile development methodology. This methodology focuses on breaking a big problem into lots of smaller problems that can be solved in a faster manner, which can improve the feedback cycle. More specifically Agile promotes individuals and interactions between team members. In addition, working software is prioritized over comprehensive documentation. Lastly, Agile prioritizes responding to change over following a set in stone plan. We are also going to focus on writing good code with function commenting, and we are also going to focus on the minimum viable product.

Communication Plan: 

Our primary mode of communication is through Slack. In case we cannot get to each other via Slack, we also have a text group chat.

Meeting Plan: 

Meet every Friday with the TA. If a team member falls behind or has problems, they will give the other team members at minimum 2 days notice and the team will decide on a meeting date to help them.

Meeting Time: 

Friday at 5:15pm. Other than that on a case by case basis. The team has agreed to meet with the TA every Friday from 5:15 PM to 5:30 PM. The meeting will be held on zoom (https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/91432440899)

Use Case Diagram:

Wireframes:
